I knew it!
Sorry, silent.
Mom let you down, it's okay
I found you a handsome uncle
As long as you don't mind.
Let him be my dad
Okay, Aunt Song Lin will send you to school first.
Let's go, let's go
Hey this is nice, take a look
Clever design
Very practical.
Is that right? I see who the designer is.
I declare
The new designers involved in the Royal Landscape project
It's Amoi
Xiaoxin
Let's see your blueprints, shall we?
Yeah, let's find the gaps and learn and learn
Hey, oops, I also hit it by mistake.
If you praise me so much, I will be shy. What are you shy about?
Take it out and take a look
Don't look at anything good
Let's go, Xiaoxin
Show your design to everyone
It also allows everyone to learn
Isn't this what I designed? How did it become yours?